How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

If a new version of the code is not working but the older one was then diff is
a great utility to find out the differences between the two versions and pin-
point the error. In this way we need not go through the whole code manually.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Sometimes we might change a part of the code thinking that the new code will
be better in some way or the other. However, more often than not it turns out
not to be the case. In this scenario ,it is much easier and efficient to go back
to an old version of my file rather than remembering what I did in the 
old version and doing it again.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

pros: Each commit can have a unique logical meaning thereby making navigation of
versions easier and meaningful.
cons: Selection of when to commit become very subjective and can differ from
developer to developer.
      This method is prone to human error.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I believe it is due to the use-case. While Git is made mainly for coding projects, google docs is for storing one's documents which in most cases are isolated

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log provides a journal of all the commits made and hence can be used to find a particular commit we are interested in.

git diff can be used to see the differences in code between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I can revert back to an working version of code easily if I use version control

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Making change to a repository like adding a different feature and pushing those changes to the repository and test.
